[SD-91] Update existing DagsHub client workflow with DVC client commands on model training (#38)
fuzzylabs/edge-vision-power-estimation: docs/ExperimentScripts.md

The [`create_dataset.sh`](../model_training/create_dataset.sh) script provides a helpful utility to get preprocessed and training datasets from a raw dataset. The script performs the following operations:

3. `Lines 12:15`: Create preprocessed dataset from raw dataset using the `map_power_to_layers.py` script.

> 5. `Lines 20:23`: Create training dataset from preprocessed dataset using the `convert_measurements.py` script.

Reviewer: Nit

```suggestion
1. `Lines 12:15`: Create preprocessed dataset from raw dataset using the `map_power_to_layers.py` script.
2. `Lines 20:23`: Create training dataset from preprocessed dataset using the `convert_measurements.py` script.
```
